README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">Classroom Infinity</h3>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium.svg)](https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium.svg)](https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz/pulls)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](/LICENSE)

</div>

---

<p align="center"> 
Classroom infinity is an online classroom platform which allows instructors to add/update/delete courses. Each course is made of various lessons and every student can enroll in courses and track their progress. Instructors can track how many students have enrolled in a course, and how many have completed each course.  <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [Authors](#authors)

## 🧐 About <a name = "about"></a>

This project is built with the MERN Stack and has the following

### TODO

- Instructor can publish courses
- Instructor can Update their course
- Instructor can Delete their course
- Instructor can add new lesson to a course
- Students can enroll in courses
- Students can Show Enrolled courses
- Students can track progress and enrollment stats

### DONE

- User Authentication
- Profile page
- Edit profile page
- Delete User
- Add Instructor role

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Prerequisites

```
node -v
npm -v
```

### Installing

1. Clone the project

```
git clone https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz
cd Media-Buzz
```

2. Run the Backend

```
sudo mongod --port 27017
```

- Open a new terminal

```
cd backend
npm i
npm run dev
```

3. Run the frontend

- Open a new terminal

```
cd frontend
npm i
npm start
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>

Use this project as a guideline for building your next full stack website using MERN stack and Material UI.

## ⛏️ Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>

- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - Database
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Server Framework
- [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>

- [@RawdaDeveloper](https://github.com/rawda-developer/) - Idea & Initial work

Commit message:

Fix: change readme project description

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">Media Buzz</h3>

<div align="center">

[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium.svg)](https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/kylelobo/The-Documentation-Compendium.svg)](https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz/pulls)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](/LICENSE)

</div>

---

<p align="center"> 
Media Buzz is a social media application inspired by
existing social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter <br> 
</p>

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [Authors](#authors)

## 🧐 About <a name = "about"></a>

![](./imgs/media-buzz-2.png)
![](./imgs/media-buzz.png)
This project is built with the MERN Stack and has the following

### Done

- User Authentication
- User profile with a description and a photo
- Users following each other
- Who to follow suggestions
- Listing posts by user
- Posting messages with photos
- Newsfeed with posts from followed users
- Liking posts
- Commenting on posts

## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

### Prerequisites

```
node -v
npm -v
```

### Installing

1. Clone the project

```
git clone https://github.com/rawda-developer/Media-Buzz
cd Media-Buzz
```

2. Run the Backend

```
sudo mongod --port 27017
```

- Open a new terminal

```
cd backend
npm i
npm run dev
```

3. Run the frontend

- Open a new terminal

```
cd frontend
npm i
npm start
```

## 🎈 Usage <a name="usage"></a>

Use this project as a guideline for building your next full stack website using MERN stack and Material UI.

## ⛏️ Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>

- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - Database
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Server Framework
- [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/) - Web Framework
- [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>

- [@RawdaDeveloper](https://github.com/rawda-developer/) - Idea & Initial work
